ingest-storage: Introduce a concept of versioning to Kafka records (#11244)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.wait-strong-read-consistency-timeout
  [wait_strong_read_consistency_timeout: <duration> | default = 20s]

>   # (experimental) The record version preferred by this producer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) The record version that this producer prefers.
```

  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.producer-supported-record-version
  [producer_supported_record_version: <int> | default = 0]

>   # (experimental) The highest supported record version understood by this
>   # consumer. Versions lower than this value are also assumed to be supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) The highest supported record version that this
  # consumer understands. Versions lower than this value are assumed to also be supported.
```

Author: I dropped this config option entirely, so this sentence doesn't exist anymore :+1:
